README.md, before:

# Kar

Kar is a 2D crafting/mining/platformer game (Work in progress).

![screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/648b2dc2-ceba-4809-a953-8f55b74c8d57)

## Controls

### Main Menu

| Key              | Function                          |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------- |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Open/Close menu                   |
| <kbd>W/S</kbd>   | Menu navigation (up/down)         |
| <kbd>→</kbd>     | Confirm the selected menu option. |

### Gameplay

| Key                     | Function                                                          |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>W</kbd>            | Look up                                                           |
| <kbd>S</kbd>            | Look down                                                         |
| <kbd>A</kbd>            | Move left                                                         |
| <kbd>D</kbd>            | Move right                                                        |
| <kbd>⇧ ShiftRight</kbd> | Run                                                               |
| <kbd>Space</kbd>        | Jump                                                              |
| <kbd>→</kbd>            | Break block (hold)                                                |
| <kbd>←</kbd>            | Place block (adds block if selected item in inventory is block)   |
| <kbd>←</kbd>            | Throw throwable item (if selected item in inventory is throwable) |
| <kbd>E</kbd>            | Select next inventory slot                                        |
| <kbd>Q</kbd>            | Select previous inventory slot                                    |
| <kbd>R</kbd>            | Set Quick-Slot 1                                                  |
| <kbd>F</kbd>            | Set Quick-Slot 2                                                  |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd>          | Switch between Quick-Slot 1 and Quick-Slot 2                      |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>            | Open/Close 2x2 Crafting mode                                      |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>            | Open/Close 3x3 Crafting mode (if looking to Crafting Table)       |
| <kbd>L</kbd>            | Switch between Tracking and Static camera modes                   |

### Crafting Mode

| Key          | Function                                                                            |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>→</kbd> | Move 1 item from inventory to table                                                 |
| <kbd>←</kbd> | Move 1 item from table to inventory                                                 |
| <kbd>↓</kbd> | Apply recipe and add to inventory (if space available)                              |
| <kbd>↑</kbd> | Exits crafting mode and adds slots to inventory, drops items into world if no space |
| <kbd>E</kbd> | Select next inventory slot                                                          |
| <kbd>Q</kbd> | Select previous inventory slot                                                      |

Commit message:

run and hit the block to destroy it.

README.md, after:

# Kar

Kar is a 2D crafting/mining/platformer game (Work in progress).

![screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/648b2dc2-ceba-4809-a953-8f55b74c8d57)

## Controls

### Main Menu

| Key              | Function                          |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------- |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Open/Close menu                   |
| <kbd>W/S</kbd>   | Menu navigation (up/down)         |
| <kbd>→</kbd>     | Confirm the selected menu option. |

### Gameplay

| Key                     | Function                                                          |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>W</kbd>            | Look up                                                           |
| <kbd>S</kbd>            | Look down                                                         |
| <kbd>A</kbd>            | Move left                                                         |
| <kbd>D</kbd>            | Move right                                                        |
| <kbd>⇧ ShiftRight</kbd> | Run                                                               |
| <kbd>Space</kbd>        | Jump                                                              |
| <kbd>→</kbd>            | Break block (hold)                                                |
| <kbd>←</kbd>            | Place block (adds block if selected item in inventory is block)   |
| <kbd>←</kbd>            | Throw throwable item (if selected item in inventory is throwable) |
| <kbd>E</kbd>            | Select next inventory slot                                        |
| <kbd>Q</kbd>            | Select previous inventory slot                                    |
| <kbd>R</kbd>            | Set Quick-Slot 1                                                  |
| <kbd>F</kbd>            | Set Quick-Slot 2                                                  |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd>          | Switch between Quick-Slot 1 and Quick-Slot 2                      |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>            | Open/Close 2x2 Crafting mode                                      |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>            | Open/Close 3x3 Crafting mode (if looking to Crafting Table)       |
| <kbd>L</kbd>            | Switch between Tracking and Static camera modes                   |

#### Special


| Key                       | Function                                                                                       |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>⇧</kbd>+<kbd>→</kbd> | While running at maximum speed, hold down the right arrow key and hit the block to destroy it. |


### Crafting Mode

| Key          | Function                                                                            |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>→</kbd> | Move 1 item from inventory to table                                                 |
| <kbd>←</kbd> | Move 1 item from table to inventory                                                 |
| <kbd>↓</kbd> | Apply recipe and add to inventory (if space available)                              |
| <kbd>↑</kbd> | Exits crafting mode and adds slots to inventory, drops items into world if no space |
| <kbd>E</kbd> | Select next inventory slot                                                          |
| <kbd>Q</kbd> | Select previous inventory slot                                                      |
